The total amount of time a support developer spends on support center tickets and proactive work activities.<br>
Here are the details of the calculation:
1.	The **work time** of the Support Center is determined based on audit records and Support Workflow events. If an employee makes changes to a support ticket that requires saving, one hour is considered as a work hour in the Support Center. The cost of the ticket is calculated based on the **actual** work hours, including overtime, and taking into consideration proactive work events from the Workflow.
2.	Only certain **types of tickets** are considered: Question, Bug Report, and Suggestion where the ticket **owner is a customer**, not an employee.
3.	**Proactive work** involves events from the Support Workflow application. In simpler terms, proactive work refers to everything that remains after subtracting the Support Center work hours and any types of leaves from the regular work schedule (which is typically 168 hours per month).
4.	**Vacation and sick leaves** are proportionally allocated between the Support Center and proactive work.
5.	Spontaneous **work** on support tickets **on weekends** is not taken into consideration. Specific occasions of **work on weekends** that were approved in the Support Workflow app are taken into consideration. However, **individual bonuses** or **specific deductions** for things like equipment are not taken into account.
6.	**Individual salaries** that do not correspond to the employee's level standard salary and **custom work schedules** of less than 40 hours per week (e.g., students) are not considered in the calculation.
